Sonos: migrate actions to dedicated action pages (#46033)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_actions/sonos.get_queue.markdown

---
title: "Get the Sonos queue"
action: sonos.get_queue
domain: sonos
description: "Returns the contents of a Sonos speaker's queue."
related_actions:
  - sonos.play_queue
  - sonos.remove_from_queue
---

Use this action to get the contents of a Sonos speaker's queue, for example to find a specific track and remove it, or to show what is coming up next.

This action returns its result in a response variable, which you can use in later steps of the same automation or script.

{% include actions/ui_header.md %}

To get the Sonos queue from an automation or a script:

1. Go to {% my automations title="**Settings** > **Automations & scenes**" %}.
2. Open an existing automation or script, or select **Create automation** > **Create new automation**.
3. If you're setting up a new automation, add a trigger in the **When** section. Scripts don't need a trigger. They run when something else calls them.
4. In the **Then do** section, select **Add action**.

> 5. Select what you want to control. Under **By target** (see [Targets](#targets)), select the Sonos speaker whose queue you want to read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select what you want to control. Under **By target** (see [Targets](#targets)), pick the Sonos speaker you want to control. You can also select an area, a device, or a label.
```

6. From the actions shown for that target, select **Get queue**.

> 7. Select **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. From the actions shown for that target, select **Get queue**.
7. In the **Response variable** field, enter a name to store the queue data in, such as `queue`. You'll use this name to read the queue in later steps.
8. Select **Save**.
```
